samples: Fix FOTA for nRF54LM20 (#83)
nrfconnect/ncs-zigbee: samples/light_switch/README.rst

Alternatively, you can :ref:`configure Zigbee FOTA manually <ug_zigbee_configuring_components_ota>`.

.. note::
   You can use the :file:`prj_fota.conf` file only with a development kit that contains the nRF52840, nRF5340, nRF54L15, nRF54L10 or nRF54LM20 SoC.

>    For nRF54LM20 SoC, the external flash is not used, all the images are stored in the internal flash with the compression enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can use the :file:`prj_fota.conf` file only with the nRF52840, nRF5340, nRF54L15, nRF54L10, or nRF54LM20 SoC.
   The nRF54LM20 SoC does not use the external flash. 
   All the images are stored in the internal flash with the compression enabled.
```
